## Description

<div><p><span class="tex-font-style-it">This is an unusual problem in an unusual contest, here is the announcement: <a href="//codeforces.com/blog/entry/73543">http://codeforces.com/blog/entry/73543</a></span></p><p>Andrey has just started to study competitive programming and he is fascinated by bitsets and operations on them.</p><p>For example, assume he has a bitset with $n$ elements. He can change the values of the bitset in the following way: </p><ol> <li> He chooses different indices $i_0$, $i_1$, $i_2$, ... $i_k$ ($k \geq 1$, $1 \leq i_j \leq n$) so that bit $i_0$ is different from all bits $i_1$, $i_2$, ... $i_k$. </li><li> He flips all these $k + 1$ bits. </li></ol> <p>He calls a bitset amazing if he can flip all the bits using several such changes.</p><p>Another topic Andrey is interested in is probability theory. For given $n$ and $p$, where $p$ is a rational number represented as $\frac{a}{b}$ with integer $a, b$, he considers all bitsets of length $n$, where each element is equal to $1$ with probability $p$ independently of the other elements.</p><p>He wants to know the probability that a bitset generated by the described method is amazing.</p><p>It is guaranteed that the answer to this problem can be represented as a rational number $\frac{x}{y}$, where $y$ is coprime with $1\,234\,567\,891$. You need to output such integer $z$ that $x \equiv yz \pmod{1\,234\,567\,891}$ and $0 \leq z &lt; 1\,234\,567\,891$.</p></div><div class="input-specification"><p>The only line contains three integers $n, a, b$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^9$, $0 \leq a \leq 10^5$, $1 \leq b \leq 10^5$, $a \leq b$), denoting the length of the bitset and the probability of an element to be $1$ (probability is $\frac{a}{b}$).</p></div><div class="output-specification"><p>Output the answer to the problem in the only line.</p></div>

## Input

<p>The only line contains three integers $n, a, b$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^9$, $0 \leq a \leq 10^5$, $1 \leq b \leq 10^5$, $a \leq b$), denoting the length of the bitset and the probability of an element to be $1$ (probability is $\frac{a}{b}$).</p>

## Output

<p>Output the answer to the problem in the only line.</p>





```input1
5 1 2
```




```input2
1 228 239
```




```output1
848765426
```




```output2
0
```


