## Description

<div><p>On the official website of Berland, each account has two parameters: username and ID.</p><p>Username is a string consisting of lowercase Latin letters and/or digits, which contains at least one letter. For example, <span class="tex-font-style-tt">user0</span>, <span class="tex-font-style-tt">1fox1</span>, <span class="tex-font-style-tt">zzzz</span> are correct usernames, but <span class="tex-font-style-tt">1337</span> and <span class="tex-font-style-tt">User22</span> are not. </p><p>The ID of the account for a given username is generated as follows: a <span class="tex-font-style-bf">positive integer without leading zeroes</span> is appended to the end of the username. For example, the ID <span class="tex-font-style-tt">user0125</span> can be generated by the following usernames: <span class="tex-font-style-tt">user012</span>, <span class="tex-font-style-tt">user01</span>, <span class="tex-font-style-tt">user0</span>; but neither by <span class="tex-font-style-tt">user</span> nor <span class="tex-font-style-tt">us</span>.</p><p>You are given a string $s$&nbsp;— a valid ID. Your task is to determine any valid username that can generate the given ID. If there are several correct usernames, you can print any of them.</p></div><div class="input-specification"><p>The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^3$)&nbsp;— the number of test cases.</p><p>The only line of each test case contains a string $s$ ($2 \le |s| \le 50$), consisting of lowercase Latin letters and/or digits.</p><p>Additional constraint on input: there is at least one valid username that can generate the given ID.</p></div><div class="output-specification"><p>For each test case on a separate line, print a string&nbsp;— any valid username that can generate the given ID. If there are multiple correct usernames, you can print any of them.</p></div>

## Input

<p>The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^3$)&nbsp;— the number of test cases.</p><p>The only line of each test case contains a string $s$ ($2 \le |s| \le 50$), consisting of lowercase Latin letters and/or digits.</p><p>Additional constraint on input: there is at least one valid username that can generate the given ID.</p>

## Output

<p>For each test case on a separate line, print a string&nbsp;— any valid username that can generate the given ID. If there are multiple correct usernames, you can print any of them.</p>





```input1|2,4
4
user0125
a1
kotlin990000
1code0forces101
```




```output1
user0
a
kotlin9
1code0forces
```


