## Description

<div><p>You are given a string $s$ of length $n$. Let's define two operations you can apply on the string:</p><ul> <li> remove the first character of the string; </li><li> remove the second character of the string. </li></ul><p>Your task is to find the number of distinct <span class="tex-font-style-bf">non-empty</span> strings that can be generated by applying the given operations on the initial string any number of times (possibly zero), in any order.</p></div><div class="input-specification"><p>Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.</p><p>The first line of each test case contains $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^5$) — the length of the string.</p><p>The second line of each test case contains the string $s$. It is guaranteed that the string only contains lowercase letters of the English alphabet.</p><p>It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.</p></div><div class="output-specification"><p>For each test case, output a single integer: the number of distinct non-empty strings you can get.</p></div>

## Input

<p>Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.</p><p>The first line of each test case contains $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^5$) — the length of the string.</p><p>The second line of each test case contains the string $s$. It is guaranteed that the string only contains lowercase letters of the English alphabet.</p><p>It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.</p>

## Output

<p>For each test case, output a single integer: the number of distinct non-empty strings you can get.</p>





```input1|2,3,6,7,10,11
5
5
aaaaa
1
z
5
ababa
14
bcdaaaabcdaaaa
20
abcdefghijklmnopqrst
```




```output1
5
1
9
50
210
```



## Note

<p>In the first test case, we can get the following strings: $a$, $aa$, $aaa$, $aaaa$, $aaaaa$.</p><p>In the third test case, for example, the word $ba$ can be reached in the following way:</p><ul> <li> remove the first character of the current string $ababa$, getting $baba$; </li><li> remove the second character of the current string $baba$, getting $bba$; </li><li> remove the second character of the current string $bba$, getting $ba$. </li></ul>
