## Description

<div><p>Polycarp has built his own web service. Being a modern web service it includes login feature. And that always implies password security problems.</p><p>Polycarp decided to store the hash of the password, generated by the following algorithm:</p><ol> <li> take the password $p$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters, and shuffle the letters randomly in it to obtain $p'$ ($p'$ can still be equal to $p$); </li><li> generate two random strings, consisting of lowercase Latin letters, $s_1$ and $s_2$ (any of these strings can be empty); </li><li> the resulting hash $h = s_1 + p' + s_2$, where addition is string concatenation. </li></ol><p>For example, let the password $p =$ "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">abacaba</span>". Then $p'$ can be equal to "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">aabcaab</span>". Random strings $s1 =$ "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">zyx</span>" and $s2 =$ "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">kjh</span>". Then $h =$ "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">zyxaabcaabkjh</span>".</p><p>Note that no letters could be deleted or added to $p$ to obtain $p'$, only the order could be changed.</p><p>Now Polycarp asks you to help him to implement the password check module. Given the password $p$ and the hash $h$, check that $h$ can be the hash for the password $p$.</p><p>Your program should answer $t$ independent test cases.</p></div><div class="input-specification"><p>The first line contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 100$) — the number of test cases.</p><p>The first line of each test case contains a non-empty string $p$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters. The length of $p$ does not exceed $100$.</p><p>The second line of each test case contains a non-empty string $h$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters. The length of $h$ does not exceed $100$.</p></div><div class="output-specification"><p>For each test case print the answer to it — "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">YES</span>" if the given hash $h$ could be obtained from the given password $p$ or "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">NO</span>" otherwise.</p></div>

## Input

<p>The first line contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 100$) — the number of test cases.</p><p>The first line of each test case contains a non-empty string $p$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters. The length of $p$ does not exceed $100$.</p><p>The second line of each test case contains a non-empty string $h$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters. The length of $h$ does not exceed $100$.</p>

## Output

<p>For each test case print the answer to it — "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">YES</span>" if the given hash $h$ could be obtained from the given password $p$ or "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">NO</span>" otherwise.</p>





```input1
5
abacaba
zyxaabcaabkjh
onetwothree
threetwoone
one
zzonneyy
one
none
twenty
ten
```




```output1
YES
YES
NO
YES
NO
```



## Note

<p>The first test case is explained in the statement.</p><p>In the second test case both $s_1$ and $s_2$ are empty and $p'=$ "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">threetwoone</span>" is $p$ shuffled.</p><p>In the third test case the hash could not be obtained from the password.</p><p>In the fourth test case $s_1=$ "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">n</span>", $s_2$ is empty and $p'=$ "<span class="tex-font-style-tt">one</span>" is $p$ shuffled (even thought it stayed the same). </p><p>In the fifth test case the hash could not be obtained from the password.</p>
